Hello everyone, let's go for the tour
european press this Thursday 25
September 2014 we begin our journey
by France the team comes back on the
match between caen and psg parisians
have won on the score of 2 goals to 0 the
white laurent men put an end
to a series of three draws
consecutive
on its side progress salutes the beautiful
victory 4 to 0 of lyon against lorient
the young people trained at the club were
distinguished the city fekir offered itself
a doubled while anxandre lacazette
and clinton
angie have each scored a goal cap towards
italy the corriere dello sport speaks
still duel remote for the title
of champions between the juventus and the ace
rome the bianconeri beat cesena 3
goals to 0
for their part the giallorossi are
overcoming parma on the score of 2
goals to 1 after four days played
the Romans and Turiners have 12
points on the meter as far as it is concerned
the gazzetta dello sporte highlights
lines ter milan the nerazzurri have
defeated atalanta bergamo of goal at 0
unfortunately for the Milanese
the attacker mahoro icardi was injured
for now we do not know the
duration of its unavailability
we make a stopover in Spain
marca tells us that the real madrid
would have a plan about cristiano
ronaldo
in clear the Portuguese striker could
to be more and more often aligned in
as true number 9 if any
karim benzema on is relegated to the
bench sports meanwhile he believes that the
barça was sorely lacking in imagination
against malaga in the end the blaugrana have
got a zero and blank result 0 to 0
facing boquerones hard to
jostle one goes to the other side of
the sleeve in other words in England the
daily express transcribes the words of
manual pellegrini after the victory of
manchester city 7 to 0 face cech son
wayne and this from the third round
of the league cup
the manager still praised frank
lampard the English middle realized a
doubled the technician hopes the loan
of the former chelsea player
will be extended until the end of the month
from February by referring daily mirror
we see that marc happy would not
not want to extend his contract to
dortmund arsenal and liverpool would be
in the front row to get the
signature of the German offensive midfielder
here is this round of europe the press is
finished we find ourselves very quickly to
a new edition
in the meantime you can consult in
real time news on the site of this
top mercato call us for mobiles and
tablets as well as our facebook pages
and twitter are also at your service
soon